README.md, before:

# vimrc

A minimal config for Vim.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following.

  - [Vundle](https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim) to manage plugins
  - [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf#using-homebrew) (optional)
  - [ag](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher#installing) (optional)

## Install

Run the following to get started.

    git clone https://github.com/benthorner/vim-rc.git $HOME/.vim-rc

Then add the following to ''.vimrc''.

    source $HOME/.vim-rc/vimrc

Finally, open vim and run this...

    :PluginInstall

## Features

The following plugins are used.

   - **vim-abolish** for advance find/replace
   - **nerdtree** to view directory tree
   - **vim-airline** for a better prompt
   - **fzf.vim** for finding files and their contents
   - **bufexplorer** to switch files
   - **molokai** for a better color scheme
   - **nerdcommenter** for toggling comments
   - **vim-better-whitespace** for trailing whitespace
   - **vim-fugitive** to browse Git/Hub

Key bindings help with the above.

   - `<,> m` toggles NERDTree
   - `<,> f` opens file finder
   - `<,> g` opens file + contents finder
   - `<,> <.>` opens bufexplorer
   - `<,> <,>` switches to previous file
   - `<,> c <space>` toggles comments for current line(s)
   - `<,> b browses to the Git URL for the file / line(s)

Commit message:

Support listing relevant files to change (grep/rg)
This makes it easier to have an entire change process within Vim,
rather than having to go back to a list of terminal results to see
which files need to be changed, often in some complex way beyond a
simple find/replace. Indeed, the quickfix list makes it easy to go
directly to each file, just by pressing "Enter" on it.

README.md, after:

# vimrc

A minimal config for Vim.

## Prerequisites

You will need the following.

  - [Vundle](https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim) to manage plugins
  - [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf#using-homebrew) (optional)
  - [ag](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher#installing) (optional)

## Install

Run the following to get started.

    git clone https://github.com/benthorner/vim-rc.git $HOME/.vim-rc

Then add the following to ''.vimrc''.

    source $HOME/.vim-rc/vimrc

Finally, open vim and run this...

    :PluginInstall

## Features

The following plugins are used.

   - **vim-abolish** for advance find/replace
   - **nerdtree** to view directory tree
   - **vim-airline** for a better prompt
   - **fzf.vim** for finding files and their contents
   - **bufexplorer** to switch files
   - **molokai** for a better color scheme
   - **nerdcommenter** for toggling comments
   - **vim-better-whitespace** for trailing whitespace
   - **vim-fugitive** to browse Git/Hub
   - **grep** for listing relevant files to change

Key bindings help with the above.

   - `<,> m` toggles NERDTree
   - `<,> f` opens file finder
   - `<,> g` opens file + contents finder
   - `<,> <.>` opens bufexplorer
   - `<,> <,>` switches to previous file
   - `<,> c <space>` toggles comments for current line(s)
   - `<,> b` browses to the Git URL for the file / line(s)
   - `<,> ww` toggles between viewports
   - `<,> wq` closes the current buffer e.g. quickfix list
